12. Do not use insecure or weak cryptographic algorithms
22. Minimize the scope of variables 
23. Minimize the scope of the @SuppressWarnings annotation 
24. Minimize the accessibility of classes and their members 
26. Always provide feedback about the resulting value of a method
28. Do not attach significance to the ordinal associated with an enum 
29. Be aware of numeric promotion behavior 
30. Enable compile-time type checking of variable arity parameter types 
31. Do not apply public final to constants whose value might change in later releases 
33. Prefer user-defined exceptions over more general exception types 
37. Do not shadow or obscure identifiers in subscopes 
38. Do not declare more than one variable per declaration 
39. Use meaningful symbolic constants to represent literal values in program logic 
40. Properly encode relationships in constant definitions 
41. Return an empty array or collection instead of a null value for methods that return an array or collection 
42. Use exceptions only for exceptional conditions 
43. Use a try-with-resources statement to safely handle closeable resources 
50. Be careful using visually misleading identifiers and literals 
51. Avoid ambiguous overloading of variable arity methods 
52. Avoid in-band error indicators 
53. Do not perform assignments in conditional expressions 
54. Use braces for the body of an if, for, or while statement 
55. Do not place a semicolon immediately following an if, for, or while condition 
56. Finish every set of statements associated with a case label with a break statement 
57. Avoid inadvertent wrapping of loop counters
58. Use parentheses for precedence of operation 
60. Convert integers to floating-point for floating-point operations 

4. Ensure that security-sensitive methods are called with validated arguments
16. Avoid granting excess privileges
17. Minimize privileged code
2. Do not store unencrypted sensitive information on the client side
3. Provide sensitive mutable classes with unmodifiable wrappers
10. Do not use the clone() method to copy untrusted method parameters
61. Ensure that the clone() method calls super.clone()
62. Use comments consistently and in a readable fashion
63. Detect and remove superfluous code and values
64. Strive for logical completeness